nurture these kind of companies but they
really should be spending more on social
services to give a boost in demand and
also Chinese companies are really
competitive and it has very little to do
with subsidies if you look at majority
of manufacturing 90% of manufacturing um
companies there is no overinvestment
actually it is responding to market
forces the 10% is in some of the new
sectors um uh but in general um that's
going to cause tension the fact that
China absolutely dominates so much in
manufacturing is going to um be a
problem for other developing countries
and I think there will be a backlash
until they they structure that um they
they address that imbalance and how to
do that Well, I mean the easiest way is
still coming back to domestic demand,
but maybe they need to have some
voluntary restraints on exports as well.
That's a very interesting point you're
mentioning because we also noticed that
uh China seems to be trying to address
the issue with both the demand side and
supply side. On the demand side, um it's